{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed\
\ulnone 1.a. A man has to move from on side of a riverbank to the other side with a cat, parrot, and a bag of seed, but can only transport one at a time. The cat could eat the parrot, and the parrot could eat the seed. How can he transport all three without leaving the wrong ones together. \
1.b. The parrot can fly, and the cat won\'92t eat the bag of seed.\
1.c. The overall goal is to get all three to the other side of the riverbank\
\
2.a. You cannot leave the parrot with the seed, you cannot leave the parrot with the cat, and you can only take one at a time in the boat.\
2.b. Keep them alive/intact \
\
3.a. Be sure not to leave the wrong combinations together.\
\
4.a. Yes\
4.b. I believe so\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 5.a. Take the parrot across the river first. Go back and then take the cat across the river, but take the parrot back with you. Take the seed and have the parrot fly across the river after the bag of seed.\
5.b. I kept on trying to think of ways to get them over one at a time, but overtime they failed. When it hit me the you could take one back that was over on the other side, I realized the you could leave the cat and take the parrot back. Since the parrot wants the seed, and it can fly, it can fly behind you in an attempt to get the bag of seed.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\ul Socks in the Dark:\ulnone \
1.a. You must not only get a matching pair, but a matching pair of each color sock, in a drawer full of twenty in the dark. Of the twenty there are 5 pairs of black, 3 pairs of brown, and 2 pairs of white. You cannot know if they match until a selection is made.\
1.b. The socks could be together in a pair already, or be organized by color within the drawer.\
1.c. The overall goal is to get a matching pair of socks for each of the three colors\
\
2.a. There is no light until the selection is made.\
2.b. You need to get one matching pair of each color.\
\
3.a. The socks may be organized by color, or already in together in pairs. You simply grab where you\'92ve selected the location of each color.\
\
4.a. Yes\
4.b. Not if the socks aren\'92t organized\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 5.a. By having the socks organized by color and knowing where those colors are, you simple grab the the matching pairs, one of each color, on your first try.\
5.b. I was unable to think of any other way with out it being complete luck on grabbing the correct pairs of socks.\
\
\ul Predicting Fingers:\
\ulnone 1.a. A girl counts with only one hand, but does not repeat fingers while counting. When she reaches the end of her hand, she flips it over and reverses the order of fingers. 1 being her thumb, and counting back to her thumb at 9.\
1.b. She may only have one hand so she doesn\'92t want to get lost counting the same finger twice.\
1.c. To count to 10, 100, and 1000, and finding out which finger she stops at for each amount.\
\
2.a. You cannot count the same finger two times in a row.\
2.b. Finding out what finger is stopped on for 100, and 1000.\
\
3.a. Manually counting your fingers to 100 and 1000\
\
4.a. Yes\
4.b. Yes\
\
5.a. By manually counting to 1000, you find out that 10 stops on her first finger, 100 stops on her ring finger, and 1000 stops on her first finger.\
5.b. I didn\'92t have any test cases, I unfortunately took the time to count to 1000 on my hand in the manner the little girl did. }